# Multi-agent Interdependent Simple Temporal Networks under Uncertainty (MISTNU): The repair problem

Multi-agent Interdependent Simple Temporal Networks under Uncertainty is an extension of STNU to a multi-agent scenario where the duration of some constraints are decided by one agent but may be observed by many and hence is a contingent constraint according to the STNU model. Therefore, we are faced with a multi-agent scenario in which some contingent constraints may be negotiable, i.e., it is possible to reduce the interval of possible duration. The MISTNU model represents such constraints as contracts. Please refer to the original paper for more information about MISTNU (Ajdin Sumic, Thierry Vidal, Andrea Micheli, Alessandro Cimatti,
Introducing Interdependent Simple Temporal Networks with Uncertainty for Multi-Agent Temporal Planning, TIME 2024).

One important property of this model is to check the controllability of an MISTNU, which can be of three forms: Weak Controllability (WC) assumes contract durations are shared just before execution, Dynamic Controllability (DC) assumes the duration of the contract will be observed during execution, one may also consider some oracle during execution where the duration of some future contract is decided and shared after some current observation, Strong Controllability (SC) assumes the duration of contracts will never be shared or knowed. Nonetheless, ensuring the controllability of MISTNUs (WC, DC, or SC)  requires having all networks controllable (WC, DC, or SC). 

When a MISTNU is not controllable, it is possible the reduce the interval of possible durations of the contracts to recover the controllability property. This project presents the new centralized and distributed algorithm for repairing non-WC controllable MISTNUs. The presented algorithms refer to the IJCAI 2025 submitted paper (citation will be added once acceptance is confirmed)
